San Jose State Book Hub
Team 15
Vijaypal Singh, Xinru Lin, Sterling Gamble

Project Description:
  The application will allow students to make an account on a website and sell books that they are not using. Users will have the 
  ability to put up books that they do not need on sale and other students who need those books can buy it from those sellers. The 
  stakeholders for this application will be the students who put up their books for sale and the students who buy the books using the 
  website. The application depends on the stakeholders to put up books and buy books. College textbooks are expensive, and a lot of 
  students have a hard time buying new books. This application is important for the students who cannot afford new books because they 
  can buy books from their peers for a cheaper price, and it is also beneficial for the environment because it puts books to maximum 
  utilization and reduces waste. This application will also help students make money from their old textbooks by selling it to their 
  peers.

Functional Requirements:



Non-functional Issues
-	Graphical User Interface: The website will have a search bar and all the navigation bar tools at the top. The navigation bar will 
include dropdown menu for department and course number along with Sign In button. If we are not able to use San Jose State Login, we 
will have another button on navigation bar for Sign Up. The landing page will include this navigation bar at the top with the featured 
books list displayed horizontally under the navigation bar. Following the featured books list will be the most popular books of the 
week. There will be another horizontal list for the cheapest books. If the user lands on the front page with logged-in then the popular, 
cheapest and featured books will be from the same department the user belongs to. The books will be displayed as cards where the picture 
on the book will be at the top half of the card and the description of the book will be at the bottom half of the card. The image of the 
seller will also be added to the card near the bottom in a fixed size circle. The seller image will be small so that it will not affect 
the UI of the book which is the main focus of the buyer. After searching for a book in the search bar, the books will be listed in 
cards, and the user can click on the sorting dropdown menu which will be placed at the top right corner to sort the books. When the user 
clicks on a book, the sign in form will pop-up if the user is not signed in; if the user is signed in, he or she may message the seller 
about the book. The UI will be very simple and will make heavy use of cards to display books. 

-	The Security: To protect students from scammers, the website will only allow access to San Jose State Students. The use of Okta for 
signup is due to the security reason. If we are not able to use Okta for signup, we will make the use of San Jose State email for 
signup. Another security feature is the messaging feature which will ensure that the personal phone number of each user stays private 
unless the user is comfortable giving it to other students. The messages will be kept private and will only be visible to the sender and 
the receiver.

-	Access Control: Most of the information about the user will be kept private other than the username and listings. The built-in
messaging feature is suppose to recieve messages from any other user from SJSU Book Hub. Any person visiting the website will have 
access to the book listing, but only registered users will be able to message the seller thought the messaging feature. If the seller is 
viewing books listing and stumbles up on his or her own book in the listing, the seller has access to delete the listing from there 
wihtout having to go to profile and delete it. All users will have the same access control, but the admin will have control over 
deleting any listing from the database or adding any listing back.
